{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b NOTE
\b0 : The JSON offer below is a valid format for the FootmarksTestApp_V3.  If you would like to use this for testing then do the following:\
1.) go to http://biz.footmarks.com\
2.) Log In\
3.) Click 'Connect' on the Left-Hand bar\
4.) Click 'Tags'\
5.) Click one of your tags\
6.) Copy/Paste the JSON below into the JSON Editor box\
\
\
\{\
    "buttonName": "More Info",\
    "buttonURL": "http://www.budlighthotel.com/Hotel/AgeGate.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2fhotel%2f&AspxAutoDetectCookieSupport=1",\
    "discount": "N/A",\
    "videoURL": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BhEbsEW1aI",\
    "featuredOffer": false,\
    "offerDescription": "Welcome to the Bud Light Hotel! Explore the hotel in order to win special prizes.",\
    "offerDetailImages": [\
        \{\
            "kind": "main",\
            "url": "http://christinajeter.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/redbull1.jpg"\
        \},\
        \{\
            "kind": "extra",\
            "url": "http://www.mrcapetown.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/rbslider.jpg"\
        \}\
    ],\
    "offerImage": "http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/4d4b0f064bd7c8f23e070000/bud-light-rents-out-an-entire-dallas-hotel-and-changes-the-name-to-hold-super-bowl-bashes.jpg",\
    "offerTitle": "Bud Light Hotel",\
    "price": "N/A",\
    "retailPrice": "N/A",\
    "tiles": [\
        \{\
            "kind": "fine",\
            "text": "Prizes are giving away at random. Prizes are redeemable per the conditions stated on their description.  Contestants must be 21 to play.",\
            "name": "Fine Print"\
        \},\
        \{\
            "kind": "detail",\
            "text": "Welcome to the Bud Light Hotel! Various prizes will be giving out tonight throughout the hotel.  Increase your chances to win by exploring the hotel. Prizes and offers will be pop-up on this app the more you explore! ",\
            "name": "Details"\
        \}\
    ]\
\}}